Feature/dx 1012 recurrence token payment menu (#460)
SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com: _includes/payment-order-other-features.md

| {% icon check %} | └➔&nbsp;`userAgent`               | `string`     | The user agent of the payer.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
| {% icon check %} | └➔&nbsp;`language`                | `string`     | The language of the payer.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |

> | {% icon check %} | └➔&nbsp;`generateRecurrenceToken` | `bool`       | Determines if a recurrence token should be generated. A recurrence token is primarily used to enable future [recurring payments](/{{ documentation_section }}/other-features#recurring-payments) - with the same token - through server-to-server calls. Default value is `true`.                                                                                                                                                                                              |

Reviewer: Codacy found an issue: [[no-undefined-references] Found reference to undefined definition](https://app.codacy.com/gh/SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com/pullRequest?prid=5750199)

> | {% icon check %} | └➔&nbsp;`generateRecurrenceToken` | `bool`       | Determines if a recurrence token should be generated. A recurrence token is primarily used to enable future [recurring payments](/{{ documentation_section }}/other-features#recurring-payments) - with the same token - through server-to-server calls. Default value is `true`.                                                                                                                                                                                              |

Reviewer: Codacy found an issue: [[no-shortcut-reference-link] Use the trailing `[]` on reference links](https://app.codacy.com/gh/SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com/pullRequest?prid=5750199)

> | {% icon check %} | └➔&nbsp;`generateRecurrenceToken` | `bool`       | Determines if a recurrence token should be generated. A recurrence token is primarily used to enable future [recurring payments](/{{ documentation_section }}/other-features#recurring-payments) - with the same token - through server-to-server calls. Default value is `true`.                                                                                                                                                                                              |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| {% icon check %} | └➔&nbsp;`generateRecurrenceToken` | `bool`       | Determines whether a recurrence token should be generated. A recurrence token is primarily used to enable future [recurring payments](/{{ documentation_section }}/other-features#recurring-payments) – with the same token – through server-to-server calls. Default value is `false`.                                                                                                                                                                                              |
```

[one-click-payments]: /payment-menu/other-features#one-click-payments
[split-settlement]: /payment-menu/other-features#split-settlement
[settlement-and-reconciliation]: /payment-menu/other-features#settlement-and-reconciliation

> [recur]: /payment-menu/other-features#recurring-payments

Reviewer 2: I don't think you can use use `payment-menu` in the URL since this include is also used in Checkout?
